build: migrate to changesets from lerna (#4533)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: CONTRIBUTING.md

We maintain a specific standard of commit messages while committing to the respository. See [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary)

> To ensure that we release your changes properly, [add a changeset](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/adding-a-changeset.md) to your branch, [following the steps outlined in the "multi-package repository" section of the Changesets docs](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/adding-a-changeset.md#i-am-in-a-multi-package-repository-a-mono-repo) via the `yarn changeset` command. Once complete, stage the change and commit it to your branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a feature, making a bug fix, or contributing code that should result in semantic versioning changes to any package in the project, be sure to include a [changeset](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/adding-a-changeset.md). Follow the steps outlined in the "multi-package repository" section of the [Changesets docs](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/adding-a-changeset.md#i-am-in-a-multi-package-repository-a-mono-repo). To add a new changeset, run the command: `yarn changeset`. Follow the prompts provided and once complete, stage the changes and commit to your branch.
```
